Adding CONTRIBUTING.md and update version number (#4113)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: eventhubs/client/CONTRIBUTING.md

details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide a CLA and decorate
the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions provided by the bot. You will only need to
do this once across all repositories using our CLA.

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact
[opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Getting started

Before working on a contribution, it would be beneficial to familiarize yourself with the process and guidelines used
for the Azure SDKs so that your submission is consistent with the project standards and is ready to be accepted with
fewer changes requested. In particular, it is recommended to review:

- [Azure SDK README][github-general], to learn more about the overall project and processes used.

> - [Azure SDK Design Guidelines][design-guidelines], tounderstand the general guidelines for the SDKs across all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Azure SDK Design Guidelines][design-guidelines], to understand the general guidelines for the SDKs across all
```

  languages and platforms
- [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for Java][java-spec], to understand the guidelines specific to the Azure SDKs for Java.

## Development environment setup

### Prerequisites

- Java Development Kit (JDK) with version 8 or above
- [Maven][maven]
- Git
- Microsoft Azure subscription
    - You can create a free account at: https://azure.microsoft.com
- Azure Event Hubs instance
    - Step-by-step guide for [creating an Event Hub using the Azure Portal][event_hubs_create]

## Building all the client libraries

Open a command prompt/terminal:
1. Execute: `git clone https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java.git`
1. Traverse to the repository root.
1. Install the tooling and build the product by executing:

>     * `mvn install -Dinclude-non-shipping-modules -DskipTests -Dgpg.skip -f pom.client.xml`

Reviewer: This doesn't build anything - it just does the install

Author: That's interesting. I always see it running tests, checkstyle, and stuff when I execute `mvn install`.
Is adding `mvn compile` prior to this better?
https://maven.apache.org/guides/introduction/introduction-to-the-lifecycle.html#Built-in_Lifecycle_Bindings

Author: Oh nevermind. it's becsause I always run `mvn clean install...`
